Look at Slang. It is a shader language compiler. I found it on a Sebastian Lague video.

For the graphical interface, I was thinking of having a few things be different, and the base idea is to reimagine
some of the normal game engine IDE things into something special:

Instead of having 700 panels and dropdowns, the entire IDE will be just the scene editor, with a horizontal panel
down below and another to its right or left.

However, what differentiates these panels from normal GEUI is that by default only the center one is visible. That one
is the place where you generally build stuff. It is a complete level editor and it can be managed 100% using a context
menu. There are buttons for switching from 3D to 2D mode (note that this doesn't change the view, but the mode of the
scene. One scene can be both 2D and 3D at the same time, but stores its data in different dictionaries.) You can also
enter and exit level edit mode, you can enter or exit edit mode, which lets you select entities and change component
data for them, which will be present in one of the left panels.

The left panel, the property viewer, is a floating panel that shows you information based on what your selection is.
If it is the whole entity, it will show you the whole entity component view. There you can add or remove any component,
create new ones by just clicking "New Component" in the add panel, and we'll get to how to edit components later. The
property viewer also displays one component if that is what you are selecting. Note that to do this you either
right-click a component there and click "focus component", or go to the third panel at the bottom.

This third panel serves multiple uses:
    1. It is the folder explorer, the thing that you use to see all the data stored inside your project. You can switch
    between something similar to what Unity has, or a floating tree graph that is a lot easier to keep track of when
    the project is larger than a pebble.

    2. It is the scene tree, the thing used in parenting, and editing entities around. It also serves as the main
    place where you can select components to show up in the property panel. Just like in the editor panel you can
    add or remove entities, components, connections between entities (who's the parent of who) and so on. And just
    like the folder explorer, this has a basic cascading tree view, and a free form tree view.

    3. It is the output console, the thing telling you what errors occurred and why. Along with that, you get the
    profiler window as well.

Everything else, things like editing animation, sound, shaders, etc. will be planned accordingly when they are needed.
Right now, I don't want to corner myself into any design decisions that I might revert right away, and even so, the
main goal of this part of the file is to note down things for me so I don't forget, so I can revisit them in the future
when they are more present problems.
